scim limitations (#2387)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/sso-rbac/sso-providers/_scim_functionality_list.mdx

By enabling SCIM the following functionality will be enabled:

> - Automatic deprovisioning of users (for example, when a user is unassigned from the SSO application, he will automatically lose acccess to Port)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Automatic deprovisioning of users (for example, when a user is unassigned from the SSO application, that user will automatically lose access to Port).
```

### Limitations

> - SCIM is currently only supported for customers with a single workspace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- SCIM is currently only supported for customers with a single workspace.
```
